Scotland born, Berlin based. The name stems from The Burrell Collection, an art space in the Southside of Glasgow. In 1995, the very year when landing here, the area itself faced demolition. It would later find itself preserved during a summer swamped by campaigns, squats and raves with protesters from all over Europe dropping by for dance. Around the time of writing music south of the Clyde, Zander was gifted a record at an after party produced by the Nu Groove legends Rhano and Rheji. Both a nod towards preservation and the discovery of art; a love for hidden gems past and present; A Connection was made, and **The Burrell Connection** brought to life.

Playing out since 15, a number of parties thrown and an ever growing number performed both DJ and LIVE. Moving to Glasgow to run and develop 2 clubs, he welcomed true legends of the underground including **Moodymann, Helena Hauff, Charanjit Singh and Underground Resistance**. A resident at **La Cheetah Club** and the legendary after-hours spot Lunacy resulted in a proper education. Since 2015 he's landed a number of his own productions on vinyl. Labels include **Optimo Music** (RIP JD Twitch!), **Tartelet Records**, **Craigie Knowes** and **Tresor**.

2025 marked the release of 70+ tracks as **Dream_E, Alfie + DJ59** with The Burrell Connection pulling aliases together. Support has included everyone from the late great **Andrew Weatherall, Eclair Fifi, Hunee and Leftfield.** Aliases span across a number of sub-genres, as can also be heard when performing a diverse catalogue. Firmly at the forefront stands Chicago house, Detroit techno, Belgian New Beat and club ready Dub. First schooled on the warmups, now brought to deliver the peak time closes and the 'Come Down With Me' afterparty running well into the next day. One for the ears, one of the heads!

On many occasions DJing out (recordings online from **Warehouse Project**, **Griessmuehle, Sub Club** and DIY raves) but regularly delivering the fully analog LIVE performances solely with hardware. His early LIVE performances were on lineups beside **Stephen Julien** (Funkineven) and later picked up by **Pussypower,** the collective first welcoming **Eddie Flashin Fowlkes**, **The Black Dog**, **Unit Mobius** and **Aphex Twin** to Glasgow. Recently one of the recordings from performing live at Tresor made it to **TRUSHMIX**, **Resident Advisor 'Mix Of The Day'** and an excerpt signed to Tresor Records for release in 2025.

Bookings live or DJ: theburrellconnection@gmail.com
